update: doc update and new script section (#13)
digital-asset/daml-cheat-sheet: _includes/en/Scripts.md

Daml script is a scripting language to run Daml commands against a ledger. For example:

```
module Test where

import Daml.Script

test = Script ()
test = do 
  alice <- allocateParty "Alice" 
  bob <- allocateParty "Bob"
  c <- submit alice $ createCmd NewContract with ...
  submit bob $ exerciseCmd c Accept with ...
```

Scripts are compiled like usual Daml code to a `dar` package with the `daml build` command.

| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |

> | Running a script | `daml script --dar example-0.0.1.dar --script-name ScriptExample:test --ledger-host localhost --ledger-port 6865`

Reviewer: Could this be `ModuleName:scriptFunction` so it's more clear to people how to refer to their scripts?

Author: committed your suggestions.

> | Running a script | `daml script --dar example-0.0.1.dar --script-name ScriptExample:test --ledger-host localhost --ledger-port 6865`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Running a script | `daml script --dar example-0.0.1.dar --script-name ModuleName:scriptFunction --ledger-host localhost --ledger-port 6865`
```

> | Running a script with initial arguments given | `daml script --dar example-0.0.1.dar --input-file arguments_in_damllf_json.json --script-name ScriptExample:test --ledger-host localhost --ledger-port 6865` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Running a script with initial arguments given | `daml script --dar example-0.0.1.dar --input-file arguments_in_damllf_json.json --script-name ModuleName:scriptFunction --ledger-host localhost --ledger-port 6865` |
```

> | Running a script with initial arguments given | `daml script --dar example-0.0.1.dar --input-file arguments_in_damllf_json.json --script-name ScriptExample:test --ledger-host localhost --ledger-port 6865` |

Reviewer: Also perhaps a link to a reference on how to produce `arguments_in_damllf_json.json`?

Author: That would just point to the daml scripts docs, that's already mentionened.

| Allocating a party on the ledger | `alice <- allocateParty "Alice"` |
| List all known parties on the ledger | `parties <- listKnownParties` |
| Query for a given contract template visible to a given party | `query @ExampleTemplate alice` |
| Create a new contract | `createCmd ExampleTemplate with ...` |
| Exercise a choice on a contract | `exerciseCmd contractId ChoiceName with ... ` |
| Exercise a choice on a contract by contract key | `exerciseByKeyCmd contractKey ChoiceName with ... ` |
| Create and then exercise a choice on the created contract | `createAndExerciseCmd (ExampleTemplate with ... ) (ChoiceName with ...)` |

> | Pass time on the ledger (only applicable for a ledger running in **STATIC TIME MODE**) |  `passTime (hours 10)` |

Reviewer 2: maybe mention explicitly that this includes daml studio and daml thereby also daml test.

Author: added a note.
